Hello and thanks for coming! My name is Jeffrey Phelps, representing team, "Code Rocks!" Consisting of myself, Karen Gertenbach, Maria Kuznetsova, and Eric Goldstein. Together we comprise the group that created this fun and practical entertainment application, entitled, "Code Rocks! (the) Super Band Locator" ...Partially inspired by a classroom example and the love of both code and, of course, music!
In this presentation we each plan on outlining what we did for our portion of the project, our successes, if you will, what we found challenging, in addition to our individual and collective ideas on how this application can be expanded in the future.
Now, because my overall layout design was ultimately the one chosen, I was also chosen to begin our presentation, in addition to being the first to talk about my portion of the project.
To all of us, however, it seems pretty intuitive, upon first glance, as to what the application is intended to provide. The title clearly defines what's going on here, and when you look at the main interface, one can see that it's music-related. You can also see that there's a map, a list of events, and at the bottom you've got another list, but of videos. You also have something in the background, however, keeping track of everything searched for, which will be expounded upon momentarily.
----------
For my portion of the project, as mentioned, my overall layout was the one chosen by the group, which consists of HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap. And for the alternate library required, I added "Font-Awesome" and used it for the clever icons located next to each panel-header title, and in the footer for the copyright symbol. I also implemented a couple google fonts, for the main title and body fonts.
Overall, we have, not one, not two, but three APIs currently powering the application, but I added the video-related API, which loads at the bottom. Now, our instructor and, at least, one of the TAs, suggested to NOT use the YouTube API, as we were going over the project requirements in class, because it was likely "too challenging and messy," they said. So, I took that as a personal challenge and added this Google/Youtube video list API, which didn't turn out to be any more difficult than any of the other APIs out there. So, let that be a lesson to everyone else here, to NOT listen to your instructor and/or teacher's assistants and just go for it, when you get great coding ideas.
----------
What I found to be the most challenging along the way, however, was making sure each of the three API call functions that comprise just the videos portion the app alone to match the same artist originally searched for when clicking the next page and previous page buttons at the bottom of the videos list, in addition to having the proper videos load that correspond to the "initialArtists" array and random initial artist function that I added, so the videos match the initial random artist.
----------
And finally, for the expandability of this app, I'd personally like to see, perhaps, a TicketMaster-like API added, as well, so that anyone using the app could purchase tickets to any one of the events listed, and, perhaps, more wishfully, a Live Stream API, of some sort, that plugs in live streaming events of concerts that may be happening at the time…With all the people out there live-streaming everything with their phones these days.
That concludes my portion of the project… And now, I'll hand it off to my colleague, Eric Goldstein, to continue with his portion. Thank you very much!

